# Internal Meeting
## Jun 05 2018

### Attendees
@MihaiAlisie @RoxanaSureanu @kenshyx @bogdanbrezuica @SeverS @quininez @42piratas

## Highlights

- We concluded that currently there are THREE ongoing projects:
    - AKASHA "main app" web
    - AKASHA "main app" desktop
    - Website
- The following projects are in "Research Phase":
    - Governance @mihai
    - Essence @mihai
    - FabLab
    - ID as a possible interoperable project @anderson
    - Badges as a possible interoperable project @anderson
- The following project is on-hold until we receive the key prototype:
    - Freedom Key	

## Goals with deadline by the end of June

- [Organize the BACKLOG](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/16) **high priority** @all
- Modularization of the application @marius
- [Create a GETTING STARTED/CONTRIBUTING.md to main repositories](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/17) @sebastian
- [Reorganizing Github](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/19)
- [Reorganizing Project Board](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/19)
- [Create job posts templates](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/22) @anderson
- [Post job openings and start filtering CVs](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/23) @anderson
- We shall start having weekly meetings as soon as possible @anderson
- [Power-up Community repo](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/15) @anderson 
- [v1.0 of our Mission/Manifesto/Mantra, Values, and Principles](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/21) @anderson
- [Define OKRs for Q3 by the end of June](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/20) @anderson
- [Create job posts templates](https://github.com/AkashaProject/Community/issues/22) @anderson