# Internal meeting
## Jun 05 2018

## Highlights

- We concluded that currently there are THREE ongoing projects:
    - AKASHA "main app" web
    - AKASHA "main app" desktop
    - Website
- The following projects are in "Research Phase":
    - Governance @mihai
    - Essence @mihai
    - FabLab
    - ID as a possible interoperable project @anderson
    - Badges as a possible interoperable project @anderson
- The following project is on-hold until we receive the key prototype:
    - Freedom Key	

## TO-DO

- Organize the BACKLOG  **high priority** @all
- Modularization of the application @marius
- Create a GETTING STARTED/CONTRIBUTING.md to main repositories @sebastian
- Reorganizing Github
- Reorganizing GitHub Project Board 
- Create job posts templates @anderson
- Post job openings and start filtering CVs @anderson
- We shall start having weekly meetings as soon as possible @anderson
- Create Adjust Community repo @anderson 
- v1.0 of our Mission/Manifesto/Mantra, Values, and Principles @anderson
- Define OKRs for Q3 by the end of June @anderson